Add PostgreSQL backup/restore process by using KubeStash (#670)
kubedb/docs: docs/guides/postgres/backup/kubestash/customization/index.md

The below example shows how you can pass the `--clean` to include SQL commands to clean (drop) databases before recreating them.

```yaml
apiVersion: core.kubestash.com/v1alpha1
kind: BackupConfiguration
metadata:
  name: sample-postgres-backup
  namespace: demo
spec:
  target:
    apiGroup: kubedb.com
    kind: Postgres
    namespace: demo
    name: sample-postgres
  backends:
    - name: gcs-backend
      storageRef:
        namespace: demo
        name: gcs-storage
      retentionPolicy:
        name: demo-retention
        namespace: demo
  sessions:
    - name: frequent-backup
      scheduler:
        schedule: "*/5 * * * *"
        jobTemplate:
          backoffLimit: 1
      repositories:
        - name: gcs-postgres-repo
          backend: gcs-backend
          directory: /postgres
          encryptionSecret:
            name: encrypt-secret
            namespace: demo
      addon:
        name: postgres-addon
        tasks:
          - name: logical-backup
            params:
              args: --clean
```

### Passing a target database to the backup process

> KubeStash PostgreSQL addon uses the [pg_dumpall](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pg-dumpall.html) command by default for backups. For a single database backup, you need to rewrite the dump command. You can do this by setting `backupCmd` to [pg_dump](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgdump.html) under the `addon.tasks[*].params` section and specifying the database name using the `args` parameter in the same section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KubeStash PostgreSQL addon uses the [pg_dumpall](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pg-dumpall.html) command by default for backups. If you want to back up a single database, you’ll need to switch the command to [pg_dump](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/app-pgdump.html). You can do this by setting `backupCmd` to `pg_dump` under the `addon.tasks[*].params` section and specifying the database name using the `args` parameter in the same section.
```

      repositories:
        - name: gcs-postgres-repo
          backend: gcs-backend
          directory: /postgres
          encryptionSecret:
            name: encrypt-secret
            namespace: demo
      addon:
        name: postgres-addon
        tasks:
          - name: logical-backup
            params:
              backupCmd: pg_dump
              args: testdb
```

> **WARNING**: Make sure that your provided database has been created before taking backup.

### Using multiple repositories

You can configure multiple repositories for the same backend. For example, if you want to back up the `/postgres` directory using the `gcs-postgres-repo` repository, you can also back up another directory, such as `/postgres-copy`, by using a different repository, like `gcs-postgres-repo-2`.

```yaml
apiVersion: core.kubestash.com/v1alpha1
kind: BackupConfiguration
metadata:
  name: sample-postgres-backup
  namespace: demo
spec:
  target:
    apiGroup: kubedb.com
    kind: Postgres
    namespace: demo
    name: sample-postgres
  backends:
    - name: gcs-backend
      storageRef:
        namespace: demo
        name: gcs-storage
      retentionPolicy:
        name: demo-retention

>         namespace: demo

Reviewer: You can  provide an example of using different backends instead of the same backend.

gcs-postgres-repo-sample-postgres-backup-frequent-backup-1725257849   gcs-postgres-repo   frequent-backup   2024-09-02T06:18:01Z      Delete            Succeeded   15m
gcs-postgres-repo-sample-postgres-backup-frequent-backup-1725258000   gcs-postgres-repo   frequent-backup   2024-09-02T06:20:00Z      Delete            Succeeded   13m
gcs-postgres-repo-sample-postgres-backup-frequent-backup-1725258300   gcs-postgres-repo   frequent-backup   2024-09-02T06:25:00Z      Delete            Succeeded   8m34s
gcs-postgres-repo-sample-postgres-backup-frequent-backup-1725258600   gcs-postgres-repo   frequent-backup   2024-09-02T06:30:00Z      Delete            Succeeded   3m34s
```

The below example shows how you can pass a specific snapshot name in `.spec.dataSource` section.

```yaml
apiVersion: core.kubestash.com/v1alpha1
kind: RestoreSession
metadata:
  name: sample-postgres-restore
  namespace: demo
spec:
  target:
    apiGroup: kubedb.com
    kind: Postgres
    namespace: demo
    name: restored-postgres
  dataSource:
    repository: gcs-postgres-repo

>     snapshot: gcs-postgres-repo-sample-postgres-backup-frequent-backup-1725258000

Reviewer: is it required to provide the repo name to restore a specific snapshot?

Author: Yes! As far as I know, it's a required field.
https://github.com/kubestash/apimachinery/blob/master/apis/core/v1alpha1/restoresession_types.go#L221
